Added doc for etcd member garbage collection (#420)
gardener/etcd-backup-restore: docs/usage/etcd_member_garbage_collection.md

> ## Superfluous member deletion in the ETCD cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Garbage Collection of Superfluous Members in the Etcd Cluster
```

With support for multi-node operation, there is an expectation that the cluster size can be dynamic. In such scenarios, a reduction in the cluster size should not result in any superfluous members or entries being left over.

> Such superfluous members/entries can have an adverse effect on the quorum size of the cluster and could result in a degradation of service.
> As such, care has to be taken to periodically check and remove any superfluous entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such superfluous members/entries can have an adverse effect on the quorum size of the cluster and could result in a degradation of service. As such, care has to be taken to periodically check and remove any superfluous entries.
```

> There is the possibility of superfluous entries in the `members` array of the ETCD CRD as well as in the ETCD cluster for which there is no corresponding pod in the `StatefulSet` anymore.
> Keeping the `members` array on the ETCD CRD in check is the responsibility of `etcd-druid` whereas keeping the ETCD cluster in check is the responsibility of the leading `etcd-backup-restore` sidecar.
> The purpose of this document is the responsibility of the leading `etcd-backup-restore` sidecar to keep the ETCD cluster in check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is the possibility of superfluous entries in the `members` array of the Etcd resource as well as in the etcd cluster for which there is no corresponding pod in the `StatefulSet` anymore. Keeping the `members` array on the Etcd resource status in check is the responsibility of `etcd-druid` whereas keeping the etcd cluster in check is the responsibility of the leading `etcd-backup-restore` sidecar. This document describes how the leading `etcd-backup-restore` sidecar keeps the etcd cluster in check.
```

> #### Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

> Below is an example of how we could end up with superfluous members in the ETCD cluster.
> This is a common scenario that could occur frequently and demonstrates the need for a garbage collection mechanism that detects and clears such superfluous entries automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of how we could end up with superfluous members in the etcd cluster. This is a common scenario that could occur frequently and demonstrates the need for a garbage collection mechanism that detects and clears such superfluous entries automatically.
```

```

> Suppose an ETCD cluster is scaled up from `3` to `5` and the newly added members are failing constantly due to insufficient resources and then if the ETCD cluster is scaled back down to `3`. The failing member pods may not have the chance to clean up their `member` entries from the ETCD cluster leading to superfluous members in the ETCD cluster that may have an adverse effect on the quorum of the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose an etcd cluster is scaled up from `3` to `5` replicas, and the newly added members are failing to come up due to insufficient resources. If the etcd cluster is then scaled back down to `3` replicas, the failing member pods may not have the chance to clean up their own `member` entries from the etcd cluster, resulting in superfluous members in the etcd cluster. This directly affects the quorum of the cluster, since failure of either of the 3 existing members will lead to a quorum loss, since the cluster size is still `5` according to the etcd cluster state.
```

```

### Superfluous member 

> A member in the etcd cluster can be considered superfluous only if either of the following 2 cases is true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A member in the etcd cluster can be considered superfluous only if either of the following 2 cases is true:
```

> ### Superfluous member 
> A member in the etcd cluster can be considered superfluous only if either of the following 2 cases is true
> 1. A member does not have a corresponding pod AND a corresponding lease
> 2. A member is an unstarted learner and is part of the etcd member list without a name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A member in the etcd cluster is considered `superfluous` if either of the following 2 cases is true:
1. A member does not have a corresponding pod AND a corresponding lease
2. A member is an unstarted learner and is part of the etcd member list without a name
```

Please bring this to the top, just after the document title.

> ### Approach

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Approach
```

> - Superfluous members garbage collection can be enabled by setting the `enable-etcd-member-gc` flag to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Garbage collection of superfluous members can be enabled by setting the `enable-etcd-member-gc` flag to `true`
```

> - The process is only triggered by the leading `etcd-backup-restore` sidecar and not on followers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The process is only triggered by the leading `etcd-backup-restore` sidecar and not by the followers
```

- The garbage collection mechanism runs periodically with a default time period between runs set to `60s`, but can be modified with the `k8s-member-gc-duration` flag

> - It loops through the etcd cluster member list and verifies if a member is considered superfluous by checking if either of the 2 cases mentioned above holds true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It loops through the etcd cluster member list and verifies if a member is considered superfluous by checking if either of the 2 conditions mentioned above for a member to be considered `superfluous` holds true
```
